Aaron: Sharon let's be friends
Melchizedek: Adam, father of us all, want to be friends?
Sharon: too late, but next time if you wnat
Sharon: want*
Aaron: @sharon, yes, next round
Adam: I'm down, want to trade 8?
Melchizedek: Thumbs up
Adam: Anyone else looking to get in on this?
David: I can give you 5. How does that sound?
Adam: sounds good
Melchizedek: Adam is a liar
Sharon: Aaron I'll send you what you sent me
Jeremiah: He's a keeper
Jeremiah: Adam was
David: He asks for trades then keeps everything
Jeremiah: Seems pretty selfish
Sharon: Joseph, let's be friends?
Adam: What do you mean, I sent you 8
Adam: Ah, it didn't submit, my bad
Melchizedek: Take a close look, everyone can tell from the tornado chart... Adam is Andrew again?
Jeremiah: Samuel tried keeping too
Aaron: Sharon sounds good
Sharon: joseph?
David: @Jeremiah No, Samuel gave tokens.
Joseph: Yes sorry didn't see the chat
Joseph: @sharon
Adam: submitted this time, don't worry about giving to me this round
Melchizedek: Joseph, I'm going to reciprocate
Sharon: I sent you the same amount I sent last round
Joseph: @Sharon I also sent you that amount
Round: #3
David: Alright, Adam. You've convinced me. Let's be friends now?
Adam: I'm down
Melchizedek: Adam, sorry I couldn't reciprocate in full, There are other people that are giving me as well. Don't want to make an enemy of you though.
David: @Jeremiah, next round do you want to trade?
Round: #4
Jeremiah: I'm getting ignored
David: Let's be friends then
Melchizedek: Adam, lets complete the triadic closure. With Samuel
Jeremiah: ok
Adam: I'm mostly down, Samuel?
Melchizedek: What does mostly down mean?
Adam: Like I still intend to keep David
Adam: Let's make it a four way
Melchizedek: Foursome?
David: I'd love that
Adam: thumbs up!
Jeremiah: But what about me?
Aaron: I'll be your friend Jeremiah
David: I'm still giving to you Jeremiah
Adam: Samuel didn't contribute
Samuel: timer ran out on me.
Melchizedek: Yeah, we see. Are you going to go in on the foursome or should we drop you
Melchizedek: David are you going in on the foursome or not?
Samuel: I want in. I need to give to Melchizedek and Adam this round.
David: I want to get in on the foursome, but Aaron and Jeremiah are being good friends.
Aaron: Go, I'm helping Jeremiah
Jeremiah: Sharon's a bad person. I practically made him what he is, but he just ignores me
Jeremiah: Thanks, Aaron
Adam: then maybe we can make two threesomes, you should drop Sharon
David: What if we create two threesomes with Adam and I being the link between the two? That gives us more collective power.
Jeremiah: And David
Adam: no, links get all the power, threesomes should be independent
Round: #6
Joseph: @Aaron, do you want to be friends?
Sharon: Aaron, Joseph, let's be a threesome
Joseph: I'm down, let's help Jeremiah too though
Jeremiah: Honestly, I'm hesitant about Sharon. He or she hasn't been good to me
Joseph: Aaron?
Sharon: I'm sorry but I've been giving to Joseph and Aaron
Round: #7
Sharon: Aaron?
Joseph: Aaron hasn't reciprocated anything I've given
Sharon: same
Aaron: sorry, stuff happened lost connection for a bit
Joseph: That's not cool
Joseph: Oh lol sorry
Joseph: Sent that before I saw your message
Aaron: no worries, just got back and its round 7 right?
Joseph: Yes
Joseph: Are you going to be friends now?
Aaron: yes
Jeremiah: Look out for Melchizedek, Adam, And Samuel
David: Adam, why did you drop me?
Aaron: what are they doing?
Jeremiah: Strong threesome.
Jeremiah: Now they appear to have dropped David
Round: #8
David: Yep
Adam: I told you, we needed two strong threesomes. Links get uncalled for power. I thought you had a threesome already
Melchizedek: @David, same here, I though you wanted to be a link, or you already had other friends for another threesome.
Adam: We can make it a foursome again if you don't have friends, but independent groups are stronger
Melchizedek: I already submitted, so a foursome would have to begin next round for me.
Adam: same
Round: #9
Jeremiah: So wrong, what Adam and Melchizedek did to David
David: Jeremiah is currently my only friend. I would love other friends. Independent groups are stronger, but also more vulnerable. If we are all interconnected war is less likely.
Jeremiah: And they write it off as if it was just some misunderstanding
David: No, they have a fair point.
David: I just think that if we divide our society we'll ultimately make things so much more unstable
Melchizedek: Also, Jeremiah it looks like you are dropping David too to get into a threesome. Looking at the network graph. So why are you trying to blame us?
Jeremiah: Yes, their thought process is wrong
Melchizedek: You are trying to distract from what you are doing
Jeremiah: No, David and I are taught. You are either misinformed or purposely spreading fake news
Jeremiah: tight
Melchizedek: Just looking at the network graph
David: Um. Jeremiah, no need to be so inflamatory.
David: Why don't we make a fivesome?
Melchizedek: Oh sorry Jerimiah thought you were Sharon on the network graph. Didn't mean to offend
David: What is Sharon doing?
David: Melchizedek, Jeremiah, Samuel, Adam can we make a fivesome?
Adam: shoot I didn't submit again, I'll be more careful from now on
Jeremiah: He or she is a bad guy
Adam: I'm down
Melchizedek: Adam I accidentally did the same
Sharon: what do you mean @David?
Aaron: Sharon has been good to me the whole game
Joseph: Same here
Adam: that's what it looked like haha
Sharon: I've had a strong relationship with joseph and aaron, I'm not going to drop them
David: Yeah, that's why I was asking. Melchizedek said something about looking at Sharon on the network graph. I was confused about what was wrong with it
Jeremiah: Sharon, I gave you a ton at the first of the game, and you didn't do squat for me.
Adam: are we making a five some?
David: I'm in!
Samuel: the five some sounds good.
Melchizedek: Sorry, submitted already, I would be in as long as Jeremiah drops his connection to the other threesome
David: Jeremiah?
Joseph: @Jeremiah are you just leaving us then??
Jeremiah: I'm in starting next round (already submitted)
David: Okay, next round then!
Round: #11
Melchizedek: Done, fivesome it is then.
David: There's a perfect amount of tokens for a fivesome.
David: Done. Submitted.
Adam: yep, it's better than four
Jeremiah: Yep
David: Thanks for being so cool about opening your friend group to Jeremiah and I
Jeremiah: Yes. Thanks!
Samuel: I submitted without giving to Jeremiah, but I will spread out the tokens evenly next round.
Joseph: @Jeremiah I feel betrayed
Jeremiah: Y'all are giving me bread crumbs. And are supporting Sharon, who turned me into a door mat.
Melchizedek: We like friends! Just can't have friends split between two separate groups. @Joseph we could make this a eightsome, no need to get angsty. You weren't giving much to Jeremiah anyways
Sharon: ...
Joseph: We were exchanging 3 for 3, which is more than fair
Round: 12
Adam: not for a threesome
Sharon: Jeremiah I told you I was giving everything I had to Joseph and Aaron
David: Why couldn't you spare a few tokens for Jeremiah, Sharon?
Jeremiah: You were too good for me, eh, Sharon?
Sharon: Because I didn't want to betray Joseph and Aaron
Melchizedek: Including other people is not betrayal
David: Giving one or two tokens to Jeremiah wouldn't have been a betrayal. Both of them were friends with Jeremiah
David: Oh well. Your loss is our gain. Jeremiah is an awesome friend
Round: 13
Round: 14
Round: 15
Sharon: wow
David: War on Sharon, Jeremiah?
Jeremiah: Sorry friends. I'd just had it up to their with Sharon
Sharon: really jeremiah? He just attacked me with everything
Aaron: Jeremiah what the heck mam!?!
Sharon: Aaron and Joseph are you going to help me against him?
David: Actually, that's super understandable
Sharon: I have done nothing to hurt him, he had no reason to attack me
Jeremiah: Sharon was riding on the backs of the poor, hanging out with his popular friends.
Samuel: I messed up my token allocation last round. sorry. I am back on schedule.
Aaron: She was not!
Sharon: No I have given to the same people from the beginning, even when they were not at the top
Sharon: everybody, jeremiah is a threat and we should take him down
Aaron: She's been good, YOU are just greedy Jeremiah!
Jeremiah: And you took advantage of me while doing so
Sharon: how come?
Aaron: I gave you everything I could, well more influence than you gave to me
Adam: Jeremiah was at the bottom for so long, this is somewhat justifiable.
Aaron: No its not
Adam: We have to decide, war or peace?
Melchizedek: How do we react Adam, Samuel?
Aaron: drop jeremiah
Sharon: war against jeremiah
Sharon: I have no problem against adam and samuel
Aaron: No war, drop the greedy one
David: I think we defend Jeremiah
Adam: Defend
Jeremiah: @Aaron, you were good, but I couldn't stomach your continued friendship with that scoundrel
David: He's in our group and our fivesome is more powerful than their threesome
Round: 16
Sharon: come on, david really?
Jeremiah: Thanks friends. I appreciate your patience with me on this one.
Sharon: I haven't done anything wrong
Joseph: I don't think Sharon deserved thatt
Sharon: Jeremiah has insulted me the whole time and I tried to stay nice
Melchizedek: That round timer was too short, didn't have time to submit
Jeremiah: I'm struggling between defending myself now and giving to y'all
Sharon: Come one, Melchizeded, adam and samuel, you guys know this is wrong from jeremiah
Sharon: Defending? You mean you struggle between attacking me and giving
Joseph: Jeremiah didn't need to lash out like that
Jeremiah: No. I attacked you just once (and not last round), just as many times as you have attacked me.
Aaron: You fivesome are letting him destroy society
Sharon: You attacked first
Sharon: guys, jeremiah is greedy and eventually he will turn against you
Joseph: @sharon and aaron, what do we do?
Jeremiah: Only because of your arrogance and groupiness
Sharon: I think he is a threat to society
Sharon: I say we all jump on jeremiah
David: Jeremiah has only ever been consistent with people.
Sharon: We had peace until he attacked
Aaron: @david and now what is he?
Sharon: David, how can you defend him?
Round: 17
Sharon: David and jeremiah are taking advantage of me to rise to the top, they don't care about others
David: Sharon, I defended him because he's been a consistent and solid friend to me, even when everyone else dropped me
Aaron: Adam is taking advantage of the situation
Jeremiah: Thanks friends!
Sharon: what about defending what is right rather than your bad friend
David: I'm done attacking now and have returned to giving equally to my four friends, Melchizedek, Adam, Samuel, Jeremiah
Observer: My browser kept dying on me. Now I'm just in as an observer, sorry friends, drop me before I make your popularity go down.
Aaron: David thats no excuse. You're argument is exactly the same as Sharon's for keeping her friends
Joseph: Now that you've demolished Sharon. Real cool
Samuel: which player are you @Observer?
Observer: Melchizedek
Adam: I agree, let's get back to peace
Sharon: there can be no peace with jeremiah, he's going to keep attacking me
Adam: Jeremiah, stop the attacks
David: Jeremiah? Let's go back to peace time. You made your point
Aaron: Adam, you';re one to talk
Jeremiah: No, I attacked you just once
Sharon: what point has he made?
Sharon: I want revenge
Round: 18
Jeremiah: Sharon keeps attacking me
Sharon: well, looks like jeremiah doesn't want to stop war
David: So, foursome now that Melchizedek is gone?
Jeremiah: I did one attack, that is all
Observer: @Sharon Revenge is not healthy for society. If you want to take revenge take it out on me since I'm no longer able to play.
Sharon: yes you did
Joseph: @David you had WAY more negative influence on Sharon than Jeremiah did, what do you have to say for yourself?
Jeremiah: Yes. But I have been defending myself a bit.
Sharon: I'm attacking melckisedek because he's out
Samuel: @David, I am spreading them out over the foursome.
Sharon: Defending?
Sharon: You mean attacking
Jeremiah: Thanks, David!
David: @Samuel, same here
David: @Jeremiah, are you defending by stealing or keeping?
Jeremiah: Sharon is spreading false rumors. I attacked him once, and he is trying to say I keep attacking him.
Sharon: what?
Jeremiah: Defending by keeping some.
Sharon: Jeremiah has been attacking me the whole time
Jeremiah: No attack other than the first justified attack on Sharon
Sharon: oh wait my bad I read the token part wrong
Adam: shoot I didn't see that Melchizedeck left, I'll do a foursome next round
Sharon: that was not justified?
Joseph: When did Adam attack Aaron
David: Sharon, what did you read wrong?
Sharon: You attacked me for no reason
Jeremiah: Yes, you are reading the token makr of you attacking me
Round: 19
Sharon: Joseph, Aaron, I'm stealing from melckizedek to get back some points, then I'll help you again
Samuel: @Adam, okay sounds good.
David: Wait, so Sharon just confirmed that he's not being attacked by Jeremiah?
Aaron: @sharon don't you'll die
Sharon: he did attack me first
Adam: K, since it's a foursome, let's give the extra token to the bottom person
Sharon: melchizedek is out of the game
Aaron: Sharon, don't attacl
Joseph: Don't steal from him, since he's out that just means he keeps his tokens which is defending himself.
Aaron: *attack
Sharon: oh okay
Sharon: then I'll give you again next round
Joseph: Attacks on melchizadek are pointless
David: Good idea, Adam. Extra token to the bottom. I'll do that starting next round.
Round: 20
David: Even in death, Melchizedek is winning.
Observer: @David, Jermiah, Adam, Samuel, or you could give your extra token to me to slowly reduce your dependence on me while I slowly go down, without dropping your own popularity. Just a thought. Not sure it would work.
David: I don't think that's necessary. Keep is only 0.9, so you'll only drift slowly down
Observer: Okay, so probably not then, just give amongst yourselves.
Jeremiah: We just have to make sure to not get attacked by the bottom
David: We miss you, though, Melchizedek. May you rest in peace
Sharon: You mean, make sure what you did to me doesn't happen to you jeremiah?
Round: 21
Jeremiah: Now are you wanting to create a 7-some, Sharon?
David: Wait, what?
David: I mean, I'm not opposed to it, but I'm confused that Jeremiah suggested it
Observer: I can still win by convincing you all to give to me?? Haha, don't, just interesting how messages change things when you are out...
System: Game Over